SPCTR-3096 Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved the issue where the lightbox feature was not working after setting up pagination. (#3348)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved the issue where the lightbox feature was not working after setting up pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved an issue wherein the lightbox feature would not work after setting up pagination.
```

Author: Done

* Fix: Post Carousel - Resolved an issue wherein the carousel dots would not appear centered.
* Fix: Social Share - Resolved an issue wherein the gap between icons would add unwanted margins to the sides of the wrapper.
* Fix: Testimonials - Resolved an issue wherein the Testimonial dots would not appear centered.

> * Fix: Instagram - Resolved an issue in which an undefined record could appear in the admin dashboard.

Reviewer 2: @AbhijitNage123 can you plase chec for the placement of this chagelog

Author: Removed. Its not needed
